Raffles and his disciples used the flame bestowed by the great Sol
and the technology cultivated by mankind to create "Amaterasu."
The sacred flame of Amaterasu benefits the lives of mankind,
and ended up establishing the foundation of a state in the Far East.
"Fire Force"
I'm glad to see you're feeling better.
Yeah.
Without you around, Arthur tends to go off, and be a real pain.
That jerk tried to dispose of some piled-up documents with Excalibur.
Yeah.
Say something other than "yeah," Devil.
Yeah, okay.
Listen...
Don't do that in front of the sister and Maki-san, okay?
You'll just make them worry again.
I know you've got your brother and stuff on your mind,
but you aren't all alone.
Yeah.
Well, thinking about it too hard won't help. Not your strong suit.
Oh, shut up.
Come to think of it, Tamaki's there, too.
Yeah. Toss in the cat girl, too.
I'm glad you got out of the hospital okay.
Sorry to worry you.
Is everything the same with the others?
Yes.
They're all quite well.
"No running in the halls!!" "Special Fire Force Company 8"
Shinra, congratulations on being discharged.
I'm sorry I couldn't come in person!
I was worried about you.
Oh, that's okay. You had to be standing by in case of a callout.
Welcome back, Shinra. Glad to see the Adolla Burst is safe.
Nothing that happens seems to kill him. Such a problem devil...
Yo, Devil. Looks like you didn't get into heaven.
What about you? Still haven't gone completely rotten, you oniony bastard?
Good to have you back, Shinra.
Yes, sir.
I'd like you to compile the incident reports on the Nether right away,
but your report to the captain comes first.
Congratulations on getting out, Shinra.
Second Class Fire Soldier Shinra Kusakabe
returning to duty as of this date.
"Several weeks earlier"
How has the 6th been recently?
Doing just fine, sir. We have Captain Huang, after all.
Things are nice and quiet--
What the...?!
Ho, so this is the light-speed you've attained by receiving grace, is it?
Kusakabe-san! You should be on strict bed rest! Go back to your bed!
Let them finish this. You're not going to be able to stop them.
Burns is an old-fashioned hard-head.
Heavy-handed interchange is all he knows.
He's provoked by the young lad's growth, and simmering on the inside.
Why didn't you tell me?!
Whatever your reasons were, I don't accept them!
Fire Soldiers have ambition. We can't act on personal feelings.
Stand back.
Looks like he's getting warmed up.
Feels like I could get crushed just getting near him.
By stoking his internal flame
and circulating the heat energy produced by it throughout his body,
he can exhibit a tremendous physical ability.
Burns' body becomes an enormous mass of heat energy,
which could rightly be called an embodiment of flame.
Those who are weak lose their lives.
That's why I couldn't afford to tell you the truth.
If you want to know, then convince me by showing me
that you're strong enough to hear it.
Huh?!
Captain Burns, you came here to tell me what happened 12 years ago!
Quit screwing around!
What's wrong? Don't think you can do it?
No, you damn...
...liar!
He just called a superior officer a damn liar, didn't he?
He held back as hard as he could, though.
Okay... You got it.
I'm going to show you that I'm not as fragile as you think I am.
All I could save was this one, vulnerable little life.
I'll take him down... I'll take him down...
That jerk is gonna pay... He's going down.
I'm surprised you grew up this big and strong.
You're going to tell me, whatever it takes!
Is that all the resolve you have?
No better than a candle flame.
Don't mock me.
I've got more than this!
You're sure you won't regret anything I tell you?!
As much as I hated flames, I became a Fire Soldier...
...so I could learn the truth!
Imagine, that tiny little flame...
...growing to be as big as this...
It's been a long time. My arm stings from where you hit me.
You've gotten strong.
You've made your resolve known. Very well, I'll tell you everything.
What you know about that fire is not the truth.
The group under the Evangelist that you fought...
"Episode 24: The Burning Past"
...was already active 12 years ago.
"Solar Year 198"
Do you sense anything?
The Evangelist said this was the area, right?
A new Adolla Burst is going to be born.
Aw, yeah!
"Evangelist's Subordinate: Haumea"
The Evangelist knew ahead of time that there would be a fire.
Then the Evangelist and company really did...
The cause of that fire was quite clear. It wasn't you.
That's right! There was a demon Infernal there!
"Evangelist's Subordinate: Haumea"
We welcome you, third one.
Sho!
Shinra!
Hurry! Run away! Hurry!
Hurry... Shinra... Run away...
A demon...?
Sho! Sho!
The source of that fire 12 years ago...
...was your younger brother, Sho.
Sho! Sho!
It was the effect of Sho's Adolla Burst
that evoked your third-generation abilities.
You understand the reason why we are blindfolded, right?
Well, of course.
If we look directly at the sun, we'll burn our eyes.
Though the sun shineth, the children of men see it not;
if thou desirest to draw nigh unto the celestial world,
simply feel it in thy heart.
The horned Infernal that you said you saw was...
Mom...?
It can't be... I've come all this way just to find that Infernal... and destroy it...
The cause of the fire was Sho, and the demon Infernal I saw was my mom...
In that case, whatever happened to my mom?
I arrived on the fire scene 15 minutes after it started.
Where are the survivors inside? Why aren't they doing anything to put it out?!
There's something strange about this fire!
The water isn't knocking it down at all!
Start fighting the fire again!
Those of you who are third generation and can tolerate the flames, with me!
We're charging in there and identifying any survivors!
Three, two, one!
A survivor!
Get a paramedic!
Yes, sir!
Let me go! My mom and Sho are still inside there!
There's a bad demon close by!
--It's too dangerous! Take it easy!
--Burns... --It's too dangerous! Take it easy!
--Burns... --Sho! Mom! Let me go! Sho! Mom!
--An inextinguishable fire... A demon... Nothing feels right about this. --Sho! Mom! Let me go! Sho! Mom!
I'm going in!
The body set up to look like the mother is in place.
Haumea, how about it? Are you in control?
Haumea. Talk to me, Haumea. Have you done it?
Hey, Haumea!
Haumea!
Shut your trap, Charon! I'm doing it now!
Get lost if you're gonna disturb me! I'll kill you!
If you could hear me, answer.
Huh? If I answer you, are you gonna help me? No, you can't!
So shut your stupid face and go flap in the wind!
Okay, my bad... My bad...
She's terrifying.
Given the situation, things are already...
A demon and baby...!
Bring the baby and come here.
Hold it!
Burns! It's coming down! Get out of there!
The Infernal...!
Hurry!
Watch your head!
A demon Infernal... An Adolla Burst...
An Adolla Link...
The flame in my right eye isn't subsiding.
Just like when I previously saw the light in the other world and it burned away.
Mom! Sho!
Watch it! Don't go near there!
They didn't go after that boy.
His abilities have been awakened. Still, his flames are yet weak.
Burns... Yeah.
Listen closely to me.
Your mother is dead.
So is your brother.
Why did you lie to me?
To keep you out of it. They might have come after you at some point, too.
I told you that lie so that you'd fear and hate flames.
I thought that if you were afraid of flames,
you'd avoid using your pyrokinetic abilities and stay out of this world.
I do hate them, even now. Whatever the facts may be,
flames have taken everything away from my family.
Flames have derailed everything. There's no way I could ever like them.
Still, you used your flames to come as far as you have.
I've accomplished my reason for coming today.
Please wait, sir.
Captain Burns, did you know about the Adolla Link when you saw into that hell?
Yeah.
My right eye is the price I paid for seeing the flames of hell.
Was that demon 12 years ago an Infernal with horns growing out of its eyes?
Yes, it was.
Then that demon probably was Mom...
Where did my mom go, sir?
I never saw her after that.
By using the Adolla Link, I can once again see that Infernal.
I can see Mom again... But how do I Link again?
That man might know something.
Kusakabe-san, please go back to your bed, now.
--You look like him! --What?
I look like him?
Um, Lieutenant Hague... Yes?
Lieutenant Hague, are you and the 4th's...?
Ah, yes. Captain Soichiro Hague of the 4th is my grandfather.
Huh? Why? Do I really look like him?
Oh, no! You just remind me of him symbolically, is all. You're fine!
I'm fine?
Listen, would it be possible for me to meet with Captain Hague?
With the captain, you say?
That is my report.
You think that the Adolla Link and Captain Hague may be somehow connected?
Yes, sir. In order to verify that, I asked his blood relative,
Lieutenant Asako Hague of the 6th, to help me.
I was just thinking of contacting the chief of the Fire Defense Agency.
Let's try reaching out from this end, as well.
But...
...if we assume that Captain Burns' story is true,
it means that the Evangelist's group was involved in the incident with your family.
It's not so easy to believe that the demon I thought was my enemy
turned out to actually be my mom.
But I also thought Sho was dead, when in fact, he's still alive.
If...
...your mother has become an Infernal, and is still alive...
I will find a way to turn an Infernal back into a person.
"Fire Force"
Look at the imaginations in my head and I'll go back to myself
Forcing right decisions on me is like a devil that eats me up
He that used his claws on me
Uses the same claws to defend someone else
Weapons turn into both wounds and shields
Isn't that what life's about?
A secret known to none
For so long almost seems to disappear but never does
Been holding on to it
While spending a night in the fire
The more they're attracted, the more the ignorant laugh
What used to make up the universe until yesterday takes the helm
The entire range of emotions that breathes
Don't want to take away what I haven't even experienced
Look at the imaginations in my head and I'll go back to myself
Forcing right decisions on me is like a devil that eats me up
Don't get in my way anymore
I won't be killed by your ideals
What a dump.
"Shinra, congratulations on your discharge"
Don't feel bad. Those who aren't knights find it harder to use swords.
Screw you, you oniony bastard!
--I'll definitely cut this faster than him! --I'll definitely cut this faster than him!
Take it easy.
--Ah! --...King! Knight King!
Látom.
Gravel just needs to behave like gravel.
Lieutenant Karim!
Hm? Oh, Tamaki! What a relief to see you reveling in the revelry.
Um, I... uh... Can I be taken off suspension, please?!
For the party.
Thank you very much, sir.
I'm just here to drink some saké.
But Shinra is still too young to drink.
I didn't bring it for the kid to drink.
Those of us who can drink can enjoy it among ourselves.
How about you?
Do you enjoy saké, my princess? If you like, you could join me, tonight...
Yes, but just a little bit.
Underage gorilla.
Who are you calling a gorilla cyclops?!
I never said that... Okay,
I am very pleased tonight to host this grand party
to celebrate Shinra, crewman from Special Fire Force Company 8,
being discharged from the hospital.
Coming off our earlier investigation into the Nether...
Thank you for this food.
"See you later"
Látom.